.TH REMCURL 1 2023-04-14

.SH NAME
remcurl \- CLI interface to the ReMarkable e-ink tablet

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B remcurl ls
.I remote_path
.br
.B remcurl json
.I remote_path
.br
.B remcurl get
.I remote_path
.br
.B remcurl put
.I local_path
.br
.B remcurl help

.SH DESCRIPTION

remcurl interacts with the HTTP interface exposed by the ReMarkable e-ink
tablet on
.IR http://10.11.99.1/ \.
It supports listing, download (including recursive download), and upload
of files.

If no argument has been given, it defaults to listing the files of the
top-level directory of the ReMarkable's storage.

.SH USAGE
.TP
.BI "remcurl ls " remote_path
Lists files inside the directory
.IR remote_path ,
one file per line. Directory names are followed by a
.I /
to distinguish them from files. If no remote path is given, it defaults to
.IR \(dq\(dq ,
which is considered the top-level directory.
.TP
.BI "remcurl json " remote_path
Fetches the information about the file or directory located at
.IR remote_path ,
in JSON format as exposed by the ReMarkable interface.
.TP
.BI "remcurl get " remote_path
Downloads the file located at
.I remote_path
as a PDF, into a local file with the same name and the extension
.IR .pdf .
.br
If
.I remote_path
is a directory, remcurl will recursively download all files and directories
contained in that directory. The remote directory names are used as the local
directory names, except for the top-level directory
.IR \(dq\(dq ,
which is saved as
.IR fs_root .
.TP
.BI "remcurl put " local_path
Uploads the file located at
.I local_path
to the ReMarkable. Supported are PDF and EPUB files.
.br
Note that the interface seems to only include support for uploading into the
top-level directory of the ReMarkable file system, not for uploading into
subdirectories.
.TP
.B remcurl help
Prints a help message and exits with success.

.SH EXIT STATUS
Returns 0 upon success, 1 upon failure.
.I stderr
will usually have further information about the reason for the failure.
